README.md, before:

# Life OS

Current Version: **V1.4.41**

## Your life, all in one place.

Life OS is a personal knowledge management system designed to help you organize and manage your life in one place.

## Roadmap

### Dumping todos

- [x] Task Manager [V1.0.0]
    - [ ] Repetitive tasks
    - [ ] Task of the day
- [x] Meteo Integration [V1.0.0]
- [x] Dark Mode [V1.0.0]
    - [x] Auto dark mode [V1.0.0]
        - [x] Auto update based on time [V1.0.0]
        - [x] Problem about GET/PUT requests [V1.0.0]
- [x] Note Taking [V1.0.0]
- [x] Mood Tracker [V1.1.0]
    - [x] CRUD [V1.0.0]
    - [x] Optimistic Update [V1.1.0]
    - [x] Improved Display [V1.1.0]
- [x] Tools Page [V1.0.0]
- [x] Weighted Multi-Criteria Decision Matrix [V1.0.0]
    - [x] Save in the database [V1.4.14]
- [x] Movie Tracker [V1.0.0]
    - [x] Filter by rating [V1.1.0]
    - [x] Filter by type (Movie/TV show) [V1.1.0]
- [x] Settings Page
    - [x] Dark Mode settings [V1.0.0]
    - [x] Profile settings [V1.4.4]
    - [x] UI [V1.4.4]
    - [x] Password reset [V1.4.7]
    - [x] Forgot Password [V1.4.8]
- [ ] Habit Tracker
    - [x] Schema [V1.4.29]
    - [x] CRUD [V1.4.29]
    - [x] APIs [V1.4.32]
    - [ ] Habit Tracker UI
    - [x] Circle progress bar [V1.4.32]
    - [ ] Habit Widget
    - [ ] Add the habits in the daily mail 
- [ ] Workout Tracker
- [ ] Google Calendar Integration
- [ ] Branding
    - [ ] Logo
    - [x] Colors [V1.4.19]
    - [x] Fonts [V1.4.19]
    - [ ] UI adaptation
- [ ] Landing Page
    - [x] V1 [V1.4.19]
- [ ] Book Tracker
- [ ] Grocery List Maker
- [ ] Vocal Assistant Device
    - [ ] Voice Recognition
    - [ ] Text to speech
    - [ ] Commands recognition
    - [ ] Integration with Life OS
    - [ ] Naming
- [ ] AI Chat with different profiles
    - [x] V1 [V1.4.36]
- [ ] Car Manager
    - [ ] Enter car details (brand, version, year, gas type, etc.)
    - [ ] Enter fuel consumption (total distance, current distance at filling time, volume of fuel entered, total price)
    - [ ] Enter files (insurance, MOT, grey card, etc.)
- [ ] When signing up with an already existing email, ask the user to log in
- [ ] Make it possible to paste the password in the login form

### Official V1

- [ ] Free user, paid user
- [ ] Good landing page
    - [ ] Picture of myself
    - [ ] Screenshots for the features section
    - [ ] Video demo
- [ ] Stripe for payments
- [ ] Markdown formatting in notes
- [ ] GDPR compliance
- [x] Logo
- [ ] Logs

Commit message:

fix: subscription changes en cours

README.md, after:

# Life OS

Current Version: **V1.4.42**

## Your life, all in one place.

Life OS is a personal knowledge management system designed to help you organize and manage your life in one place.

## Roadmap

### Next Important Problem

- [ ] Manage the subscription in a settings page
- [ ] Verify that the user has an active subscription before accessing the app

### Dumping todos

- [x] Task Manager [V1.0.0]
    - [ ] Repetitive tasks
    - [ ] Task of the day
- [x] Meteo Integration [V1.0.0]
- [x] Dark Mode [V1.0.0]
    - [x] Auto dark mode [V1.0.0]
        - [x] Auto update based on time [V1.0.0]
        - [x] Problem about GET/PUT requests [V1.0.0]
- [x] Note Taking [V1.0.0]
- [x] Mood Tracker [V1.1.0]
    - [x] CRUD [V1.0.0]
    - [x] Optimistic Update [V1.1.0]
    - [x] Improved Display [V1.1.0]
- [x] Tools Page [V1.0.0]
- [x] Weighted Multi-Criteria Decision Matrix [V1.0.0]
    - [x] Save in the database [V1.4.14]
- [x] Movie Tracker [V1.0.0]
    - [x] Filter by rating [V1.1.0]
    - [x] Filter by type (Movie/TV show) [V1.1.0]
- [x] Settings Page
    - [x] Dark Mode settings [V1.0.0]
    - [x] Profile settings [V1.4.4]
    - [x] UI [V1.4.4]
    - [x] Password reset [V1.4.7]
    - [x] Forgot Password [V1.4.8]
- [ ] Habit Tracker
    - [x] Schema [V1.4.29]
    - [x] CRUD [V1.4.29]
    - [x] APIs [V1.4.32]
    - [ ] Habit Tracker UI
    - [x] Circle progress bar [V1.4.32]
    - [ ] Habit Widget
    - [ ] Add the habits in the daily mail 
- [ ] Workout Tracker
- [ ] Google Calendar Integration
- [ ] Branding
    - [ ] Logo
    - [x] Colors [V1.4.19]
    - [x] Fonts [V1.4.19]
    - [ ] UI adaptation
- [ ] Landing Page
    - [x] V1 [V1.4.19]
- [ ] Book Tracker
- [ ] Grocery List Maker
- [ ] Vocal Assistant Device
    - [ ] Voice Recognition
    - [ ] Text to speech
    - [ ] Commands recognition
    - [ ] Integration with Life OS
    - [ ] Naming
- [ ] AI Chat with different profiles
    - [x] V1 [V1.4.36]
- [ ] Car Manager
    - [ ] Enter car details (brand, version, year, gas type, etc.)
    - [ ] Enter fuel consumption (total distance, current distance at filling time, volume of fuel entered, total price)
    - [ ] Enter files (insurance, MOT, grey card, etc.)
- [ ] When signing up with an already existing email, ask the user to log in
- [ ] Make it possible to paste the password in the login form

### Official V1

- [x] Logo
- [ ] Stripe for payments
    - [ ] Make the checkout a Server Component
    - [ ] Save the subscription in the database
    - [ ] Tests what's happening when the user cancels the subscription
- [ ] Free user, paid user
    - [ ] Create a fonction to check which plan the user is on and so which features he has access to
    - [ ] Allow the user to upgrade/downgrade his plan in the Settings page
- [ ] Good landing page
    - [ ] Picture of myself
    - [ ] Screenshots for the features section
    - [ ] Video demo
- [ ] Logs
- [ ] Markdown formatting in notes
- [ ] GDPR compliance
